[Speaker 1]
That is a crowd that is ready to go. I've never, uh. Got the intention of everyone so fast. That means you're excited to learn excited to be here. Hi everyone, my name is Jennifer Schwartz, um, I'm really, really excited to welcome you all to Insight Partners. He was a graciously generously hosting us for AI master class number five of the New York City go to market.

So, I'll give a quick story. I've been living in Ezrael for the past almost 11 years, working in the tech ecosystem in Israel. And I know Nemo founded this community many months ago, and I said, okay, I'm moving to New York what's going on, and he says, well, I'm building a community.

Well, great.

Great, we're doing the next monthly master class. I'm like, I'm. So, with that, I want to thank a quick note to our partners to Swan, um. Ai Jeremy's in the crowd here.

Then, our Clicker is not working. There we go, um. There we go. So, let me understand who is in the crowd here. Uh, first of all, we have. Raise your hand if you're a Founder. Higher, higher, like no half. No elbow hands, high hands. If you're a founder, you gotta be proud.

Cool, look around, see what other fellow Founders you have, um. Richie, if you're an investor. Those ones don't like to raise their hands? Two, only two, amazing, um? Raise your hand if you've used clawed chattybt or an AI tool in the last 24 hours to do. Go to market work, specifically go to market work.

Nice. Okay, you came to the right event, right, and good. Good audience targeting person, okay, um? Raise your hand if you keep reaching your credit limits with. Go to market AI tools. Oh, fewer than I thought, okay? Um.

[Speaker 2]
Raise your hand if you have found yourself at 1am hacking. Go to market workflows.

[Speaker 1]
Okay, you guys can call each other, because that's what Community does you call each other with a problem? Um. Raise your hand if you came tonight because you discovered New York City. Go to market Community from the New York Tech week website, so you're new to the community. Wow, amazing, awesome!

Glad we did this cloud! And last. Raise your hand if you can explain the difference between go-to markets, sales, and marketing to your mom, dad, significant other who have no idea what Tech is. I want you to do a pitch of how you explain it, but we'll, we'll wait till the end.

So, maybe at the end, if you're still here, you can tell us how to explain it, um, okay with that. Can I get this? First of all, two things you're going to see this around if you don't scan now, it's too far. But we have a community, WhatsApp group or community job board.

There is. It's scattered around the room, so I'm going to go to the next slide, but I see some skins join the community, get some announcements, see when the next event's happening. Thank you Swan for the discount. Um, get discount credits. I want to. If we have a technical failure over here.

Next. I mean. So, how's tonight? Gonna work, um, student. I'm going to invite up Nemo to share a bit more, but we have, uh, a great presentations. Each one is going to give a great case study on how they're using their AI tool, go to market tools, and you'll have time for some.

Q a so up to 15 minute presentation, save your questions for the five minute. Q a? Um, and then afterwards we'll continue networking so. Without further Ado, I'm going to invite up Nemo. Thank you so much.

[Speaker 3]
Thank you! Thank you, Jennifer! Thank you everyone for coming here. Unfortunately, I I have a bit of a stage fright and a Hebrew accent, so I hope that you all can understand me. Uh, honestly, when I started this community, I it was. It started as a WhatsApp message to the YC Founders group here in New York City two years ago, when I.

When I just arrived here. And half a year ago, six months ago. After two and a half years of me doing, go to market work and doing automarket advisory, I just sent a quick message to a to these Founders and said, like, if we did it, go to market matter class.

Would you want to attend a go to market with AI, master class, and everybody said, yes, and that's how we got started this first, uh, the first three events were at Clay's headquarters, and here we are at the inside Partners headquarters. Thank you for Jack. And the idea here behind this event and behind the community in general is just for people to share knowledge and to explain and show what actually works for them today, and this is why World Kenya.

So thank you very much. And tonight's a very special night because we're gonna have people present the concept of go to market as a team. Everybody, as Jennifer said. I think that all of the hands went up when, uh, when she asked, did you? A code with a coding tools, like a cloud code or stuff like that.

All of us are doing this by ourselves. I'm doing this by myself and a lot of the people are gonna are gonna show how they do it by themselves. The challenge now is how to do it as part of a team. How to add your bdrs, your AES, your marketing team, how to make them collaborate internally, and also how to make them collaborate externally with your partners with your influencers, uh, with your um.

With your in with your investors, etc, etc. So, without further Ado, I'm gonna invite Jack to the stage to say a few words. Thank you very much to Jack for hosting.

[Speaker 1]
Thank you! Wow, thank you Nemo, uh. And thanks to everyone for coming out tonight.

[Speaker 4]
Little one minute Spiel on what inside Partners is, and then I'm going to get it on with why you're all here. Uh, Insight Partners very simply put. We are investors in software and AI companies. We predominantly invest in growth Equity, so series b, c, d and Beyond. I am not an investor.

I work on what's called our advisory team. I work on a team that's called the AI lab. I did not name it. I was given the name, but you can think of it as an applied AI team for insights insights team internally, but then also for our portfolio. Companies, so I come from a background and go to market when I met Nemo and came to the last master class.

I took so much value from it and walked up. And I said, hey, we need to do something, you know, at our space, we've got this great. Area that we could potentially use, and then fast forward about a month. And now, we're here with about 100 of our soon to be closest friends.

[Speaker 1]
So,

[Speaker 4]
With that, I will pass it off to, I believe, our first presenter. Potentially. Yes, yeah, yeah, let's clap it up. Okay.

[Speaker 1]
Which is an advisory, so I'm very excited to have you. Take it away. I don't like to hear myself speak and which one is the the real? This one, okay? Make sure we got it works. All the speakers are going to be here.

[Speaker 3]
Eric, let's get sangram's. Play Deco. Thanks. Oh, that will be helpful.

[Speaker 5]
All, right? Well, what all that, uh, all, all the stuff is happening? All the Jazz with all the tech everybody's trying to be in Tech, right? So, this is part of what Tech is all about, um? How many have? How many of you have actually worked on ABM in your work?

Anybody on ABM? A few people like, look at that the world has changed very Jared. We're like, man, the world has changed so much. From from what? What go to market is? So, as we get into this, this presentation that I have is is Tuple. One is that I got to be one of the folks who built a 100 million dollar company in a com in a completely old Playbook.

So, my previous company, and you know if you want to just move the slides. You can get to that, uh, it's called Terminus. Uh, which is an AVM company with part of that. I ran marketing at pardot, you got acquired by exact Target, uh, for 100 million, and then exact Target got acquired by Salesforce, for for.

2.7 billion. So I went from a 10 million dollar company. 10 billion dollar company. Did you want to think about how big how people think man that changes everything? I still remember one day. My. I Target my boss. Said that? Hey, think big, I'm like, yeah, I'm trying to think big six months later, when a Salesforce acquired exact Target is that?

Think big, I'm like, I'm thinking, big, he's, like, no, you don't get it, you know it is, it is not how much more budget you have it is. It is not how many more people you have on the team. This is 10 years ago. It is really how big you can really think.

Because you get to write the rules. You get to create the Playbook.

[Speaker 3]
And I think today we are all exactly in the same place. Like, Nemo said, and as Jennifer was talking about, we are all getting to write the new rules of this new Playbook together and what I want to share, is that the Playbook I used 10 years ago to build a 100 million plus company with an exit.

I'm I'm building another company and we got to 10 million in the last five years with this company, and I want to share and compare. What was it like building 10 years ago, and what is it like now building 10 years from? Now you're good with that. Yeah, ready.

Correct, can we? Oh wow, the slides are perfect. All right, so. One of the things that, as they're figuring out the slide part that we figured out, was that, what was? What was different at product? What was different at Salesforce? What was different at Terminus? What was, what was it, and it really came down to eight questions, and it's called the go to market operating system, and you will see that in a minute is that most companies.

Have an incredible. The companies that do really well. They have incredible Clarity around the eight questions. They are not necessarily the best at it. I was at Salesforce

[Speaker 1]
And their CRM.

[Speaker 3]
And data. I don't know if anybody's on Salesforce. What's

[Speaker 1]
Crap, and they will admit it to that, right? I was a part on doing marketing automation, our nurture programs.

[Speaker 3]
Well, crap. They were bad, so every organization that is trying to do something, sometimes they themselves, may not be best. But what they were all good at articles really, really good at positioning it to marketers in SMB. Salesforce was really good at making sure they're focused on the right plot.

Then, 85 percent of the sales Cloud, the whole Cloud industry before they actually went into marketing cloud and customer success. Cloud and all that stuff, so they are really clear about the aid question. Go to market OS. Is it possible to have the slides or we can? I can just keep it roll.

Okay, um, I can do it. Improv comedy is part of my routine, uh, so we'll see. And if not, I got two kids over here so we can bring one of my kids to do some of this those actions. The other part is when I build Terminus. We were three co-founders in 2014.

One of the big idea at that time was building this idea that nobody has ever done was advertising. Two accounts. Everybody has ever done. All the advertising was happening to leads and saying that, well, if you do a banner ad somewhere, maybe you'll get lots of Impressions, and that's great.

We were the first company we're actually able to do advertising in the account level, so let's see, you're targeting Home Depot and saying, I want to be targeting all the executives at Home Depot. We were able to do that, and that created this whole category around accountabis marketing. And that change changed the whole way.

We did that. Now, when we build that, nobody else was doing it. Nobody else had ever thought about, actually creating accounts and starting to Target at that level. But that created a wedge for us to enter the market. Uh, Nemo's talking about a community. Our greatest Melt was really Community.

So, I think we'll we'll see which slide. You want me to pull this up right here. Nemo, how if it steps in? All right. Give it up for Nemo for like putting all this stuff together, all right, all right. Yeah, there you go. Okay, and I can just click click through.

Yeah, there you go all right, so that's the story I was trying to tell in the beginning. All right, so three companies. Really, really had a great opportunity to build amazing companies and and one of the things we write is, like this, idea for on gtmos. We, I'm an editor for it, and we have 175 000 people who read that and along the journey.

I wrote three books, and the last book was on go to market in 2021 that became a Wall Street General bestseller and Jeffrey Moore. If you have written crossing the chasm, uh, he gave a quote for the book, but he said that man if I were to write Crossing the chasm again, I would have written move.

And that was a big thing for for somebody like Jeffrey Motorsay, so it's it's one of the most, um, fun projects I got to do, and all the proceeds go to a charity. So, do you ever get a chance to get the book? It still sells more copies. Now, actually, you can go to market then.

Then, when we launched it and here are the eight questions. This is what I was talking to you guys about every single company that have done anything of significance. I bet you if you run through these eight questions and get Clarity around it. That is why they're doing so good.

And I'm going to give you two examples of these eight questions of how we answer that Terminus and how we answered that regular Market partners, and I saw a lot of people raise their hand as Founders. You got to do this. This is literally building your entire go to market on one slide.

Jennifer asked the question about, like, hey, uh, how do you explain that to your mom or dad or brother or sister? Like, you know, this is how you actually can do that. All right, so let me just show you an example. This is Terminus. This is our entire go to market strategy.

I don't have to explain a whole lot once I go through that, and like, look for the two minutes. You will know how we build Terminus, say 100 million dollars business. At the top on the left hand side of me. Where can it grow the most? We just figured out.

We're going to focus on demand Jam. I'm I'm back. Most people in this room, because we do so much advisory almost 85 or 90, can't answer that question really well. So, if I put you on stage right now and say, go pitch, and who's your ICP most likely eight out of 10 people would talk about a broader ICP than what they should be focused on, and that's the number one reason why companies fail.

Just not clear about it. Number two, which products create the highest customer value? Visual advertising as a wedge. As I said so, it was, it was every time you will talk about it. We'll close 25, 50 deals every single month because it was the easiest way to sell. So don't make it complex.

Make it simple. We we saw that happen over and over again. How did we differentiate? So if you put your website next to your competitor's website? And it looks pretty much the same. And have the same copy. You do not have a point of view. You certainly do not have a differentiated point of view.

So, we created this whole idea of flipmunk funnel, where over 100 000 people signed up to that. We're talking about Community as such, and we end up doing so much work that we were in the magic quadrant because of building a community around it because we had a differential point of view.

So, how many of you think your product? Is your mouth? Anyone?

You do. What's your product? It's human in the human doctor in the AI. Humans putting in the air AI process and all. I'll tell you this, and probably the fact that most people are not raising the hand. I think most people recognize now that product is no longer the milk.

2014, it was anybody can build and replicate a product now. So, you have to Define your community, your mode much differently. For us, it was a community around it. Where can we grow the fastest? We did events. That's all we did. I did, not until we hit. We hit 1 million the first year five in the second year 15 in the third year.

We had one and a half Market. And the half Market was a contractor. Right, like so, one and a half marketer. And we built a 500 business in the first three years. This was, again, 2014. I'm going to show you how you're doing it right now. Roi. It was account based people were just crazy about, like that was the new novel idea, so people wanted to see that.

So we tapped onto into that. Uh, how do we observe we figured out what are people trying to do and we, if we were trying to figure out it should be. Should we build that? It was just taking too long, so we acquired five companies. Most people don't know that, but in eight years of building Terminus, we acquired five companies.

And every time our customer will say, I'm trying to get chat on the website. We just bought a smaller chat company at. It was.

Was, it's literally to show me the money is we never started the leads. We only started with customers, meaning we looked at every single week, which customer closed and what was the journey they followed. We never started the lead. We never did that, and that was one of the most important things we did because you.

You'll have few customers you have thousands of leads, but you'll have probably 10, 20, 30 customers spending all the time on how you got a customer is way more important than it's focus only. So that's how we did that. Gtm Partners. So, now we're building an advisory business. Same eight questions and look at the clarity on this one from our perspective.

And we've done this with, like, I've done this with Henry, who's the client of ours at Zoom for CEO of Zoom info? We went through them with this of yamini rangan. HubSpot is a customer of ours. We went through with yamini on this. She's a CEO of HubSpot is like the same eight questions they all are seeing in their go to market clarity around it.

Founders fractionals writing a book we're writing, uh, you can see, we have. We write newsletters, and we do executive Road shows to. That business. So, all the clarity around these eight questions is literally how each one of you should build your own business. So, when I think about? The 10 million dollar business that we have built now, and this is probably too small.

For the screen up here. So, so you can take a picture if you want, but I'll I'll compare Tremendous plus GTM Partners. Like, how did that look so you look at Terminus 2014? Venture back brings a lot of money up markets. SAS ABM books Community was flipped. My funnel 300 plus employees that we built and, and we had an exit to a private activity form, right?

When you look at ggm Partners? It is 2021 bootstrap down Market. Anybody feels down market right now? It is as down Market as it can be right. Gtm, writing a book, building a community around it, wrote shows, but round tables, as opposed to really big events. My, that's our Dutch Tech stack is thinkific Swan kit quad and we build our own bridge and to do a lot of the work.

We have two co-founders. It's like Brian and I, the two people who wrote the book, and we have few fractions that we work with. And today we have a 10 million dollar business in the last five weeks. And we went through this journey of, like when I think about 2014 to 2021, the world has completely shifted.

It's absolutely possible if you want to start, start building it. Um. The. That this story is not going to tell you. Is what happened in between? And I'm gonna break it down just one last slide. All of this is fine. All of this is possible, and it's not about, oh, we got less people.

So, we find more people, and we just built differently, so everybody get to build this business differently. There was no other way Jared and I were chatting earlier about it, like when, like. 10 years ago, the only way to grow was to get more money and, and so that you can hire more people to do what you need to do.

That was the only way to build it now. You have Ai and Claude and mcp connectors and all that stuff to do. A lot of the work that you would do. But along the way. I think this is the human in the loop if you will. I want to leave you with this.

As Nemo and I talked about like that building 1000 dollar business, how does it feel differently is is personal? So, I'll tell you like. While the link Terminus, I almost got divorced. Ed ter.

Terminus, uh, my son, who's doing the videos, he's he's. He was five, you know? He, he was. At that time, my daughter was just one year. He was five, and now, uh, they're 12, and 15, right, like, so I've learned a lot more around. Like, how do we do that?

So there's no better time than now for sure. Building a business, but make sure you have that part of it. From a faith perspective, I had no roots. I just didn't know what. My, why was, I feel like, now I have a lot more clarity around it, and I'll tell you if you're going to build a business especially seems like almost 60 of the people in the room are like Founders.

When you raise your hand if you don't have roots around whatever fate Journey you're on is gonna be really hard to build a solid business because the market is so tough like 2014 in 2014, if right now, stuff. It's gonna get tougher because every company is at a problem Market fit everybody's just imagining engine.

You things and building, and your product is going to be replicated even before, you know, no matter how amazing your product is. So, you've got to have deep. You have to go long in whatever area that you're trying to go, and I'll finish with this. Uh, like? I've learned this again the hard way if you want to grow.

You take someone along with you, so find a great co-founder. Find a great couple of people on the team to build this, because if you're a solopreneur who's trying to build something, it is going. You and AI is not going to be your best friend. You can talk through the air all day long and all that stuff, but it's not gonna be your best friend at some point.

You're gonna need a human that that compliments what you do, and that could change the way you build business. You would be so much faster and bigger as the organization. When you have a co-founder of thank God for Ryan, who's that co-founder, I'm building this thing because it's, it's one of the best things that can happen.

So, as you build a business that I've held 10 million dollars, and then you know we went to 100. This is now in five years 10 million. I think those are the things that actually are massively different and. I want everybody to just know that as the basis part.

Thank you so much.

Thank you so much! And also thank you for humanizing, like the tech Journey, the tech Founders Journey. We dive often into, like the technicalities, but forget that there's humans behind it, and how do we live a full life?

[Speaker 1]
Let's I would love to hear, like, what are you thinking about questions? We have a few a few moments, raise your hand, and I'll throw you the mic. There's another mic here. The

[Speaker 2]
Person

[Speaker 1]
Who knows how to explain GTM to their mother?

I was actually going to ask how you could explain GTM versus sales and marketing to your, uh, 12 and 15 year old.

I think.

Yeah.

Um, I think. Go to market is the business?

[Speaker 3]
That's my greatest Revelation. Thinking in the last five years? Even when writing the book in 2021, I thought. I knew about go to market building and being at border being at Salesforce, being even and then writing the book on it. That became a Wall Street Journal. I thought it's a good Market book in 2021, I thought I'm ahead of it.

Now, I feel like I'm a student of. That's the biggest shift that happened because we're all learning at the same time and the way I'll explain to anyone, regardless of kids or parents. Or, whoever, is that go to market? Is the business? There's no other way like equality. Customer is part of gold market, and the best way was Brian Halligan, who actually explained that to me when we were doing the interviews was the founder of HubSpot, he said.

And he asked me the question, and it's in the book about who owns go to market. So let me ask you this back, like, who do you think owns go to market?

One always owns something then. Okay, so it can be everybody who else. Marketing, what sales, what? Founders robops, who said robots? Customers. Cro. Market. So, who owns go to market in this room? There are like 500 different responses. Then we did the whole interviews of every single person, the most consistent response from every single CEO and Venture MP.

From that, we talked to was that the CEO on school to Market? And the way Brian, how again explained, that is, like, well, who will make the decision between spending more money on marketing or sales?

[Speaker 6]
First of all,

[Speaker 3]
That's a go to market decision. And that's a CO decision, who'll make the decision between if you should acquire a company, or build a product that's the go to market decision, not just campaigns and channel and sales compensation or revops, or any of that, or if you if you want to, if you're not just investment or billing company, but let's say you want to open an office and you need or stay in North America.

How do you make that decision? Who makes it is CEO? So the number one Revelation for us was that the CEO owns go to market and therefore. Go to market. Is the business so anything that drives business is go to market? I don't know if that helps, but that's a long-winded way of saying that.

Cool!

[Speaker 7]
You had your um, your North Star metric as ARR and grr. I think about those sorts of metrics is output metrics, not input metrics. How do you think about that? Well,

[Speaker 3]
The ARR and grr was for the for definitely. Was the come for Terminus? Now, it's if, yeah, it's nrn revenue per employee. So, we look at that, as our metric is like, what is the revenue for employee? So, 10 years ago, the revenue per employee was about, like, you know, for you, when you looked at and we're raising money and all that stuff you're looking like, all right.

For every hundred thousand dollars that we're spending, we should get about three, four hundred thousand dollar back, and that's was a typical way of at least for for us. If you're looking at it now, it's truly like every CEO and that adults loves the round tables. It's about a million is how you're looking at it, because the expectation is that your Executives are also going to.

Gonna execute on the work. You don't have strategies. I was talking to a CEO recently, and I've posted about. This was, they're saying, well, I'm tired of hiring Executives. Who will come in and give me a strategy deck and say, I need a million dollar worth of tool and five employees to start building something.

Like, most exact CEOs are not trying to hide that they want somebody to come in and have a strategic mind, but also be able to be an operator to do those things, and that is why he can be sitting on the sidelines and saying, I'm going to tell the world what to do.

You actually have to do it and see it for it. So, revenue for employees become a big member.

[Speaker 7]
Hello,

[Speaker 2]
Hi, so thank you for your time and sharing all the valuable insights professionally and personally. So, around the eight questions Frameworks, um, I, my clarification question is, what are some tactical things you took to really break down and realize like? This is the right answer for this question.

[Speaker 3]
I'm so glad you asked that there is no right, answer. To any of these questions. I'm so glad you asked that question.

[Speaker 7]
It

[Speaker 3]
Has nothing to do being right. There is no certainty except taxes and death. Somebody told me that long time ago, you get taxed, and you're gonna die like that's just the reality of life. So, without outside of that. There is no certainty about what product is gonna work. What campaign is gonna launch and that and where you're gonna go in the market, and how are you going to?

There is no certainty what this gives you is Clarity. Our research shows that when we do the cross, go to market leaders. They said 78 of the leaders said, if I know what we're doing and why we're doing, we would hit our revenue goals. Most Executives do not have platity on the go to market.

They do not have this level of clarity if you. If there's one action item, I'll give all of you to just take away. Print this up and have yourself do it. Let your executive team do it. If your client work with them and do it, you'll have your entire go to marketing slide, and you will debate on this.

Well, I don't think that's right. Oh, I didn't know. Why would we do that? You want a healthy debate. Most people do not have a healthy debate. They just keep launching campaign. Marketing is doing that. Sales is doing that. This is not a marketing sales customer success. This is a go to market going back.

You go to market is the business. You don't need certainty. Most companies have no idea, but if you have Clarity, and if your entire team can get behind it and start working on it, you will get better results than having a perfect answer, but nobody really behind it. We all know how that is.

I'm so glad you asked the question.

A lot of amazing speakers, um, sometimes I have to be the bad guy. Thank you, Jennifer, for following me so much.

[Speaker 4]
Well, we want to introduce you. Yeah, um.

[Speaker 1]
Amazing! So. Without further Ado, I just want to keep the show rolling. I'm going to pass it off to Harry. Yes. Okay, I can take this one, oh boy.

[Speaker 3]
Yeah, why you do this? I don't need a camera. All, right. Hey everyone. First of all, I, I think it's criminal to give someone like Sandra 15 minutes to just talk. I don't think you guys really understood what you just witnessed. What he did for marketing is basically what William Shakespeare did for the tragedy.

He didn't like invent all of writing, but this really, really particular part. He, he invented all of that. And if you didn't read his books, then you're new to marketing. You wouldn't know that, and somebody has to give him that kudos for that. So I just I just wanted to.

[Speaker 8]
Me and I run a outbound, a cold email agency called growth engine X, and worked that this little company called clay when they had 10 employees. If anyone's ever heard of that help them grow?

[Speaker 3]
And, uh, Nemo said, hey, can you present at this, uh, event that we're doing for Tech week? I said sure, he said, uh, what? What's two things that are exciting you right now? And I said, okay, we have this Enterprise customer. We set up these Auto research campaigns, and we're running 150 campaigns in one go.

We're Auto researching them, turning off the bad ones, and then we're turning on the good ones, putting more leads, and we're sending a hundred thousand cold emails per day on behalf of this one customer, and it's all driven by AI. It's like, okay, what's the second thing you're doing?

I'm like.

[Speaker 9]
All I kind of accidentally cut my team by 50, and we're sending more emails because I made an AI employee, and he was like, you should talk about that second thing, and I was like, I've never given this talk before ever. So, we're gonna try to go through the path that I've used to build our first AI employee inside of my company.

I'm gonna try to give you a three-step framework that you could do the same thing as well because I saw there's a lot of Founders in here. Who else would agree that you're a little bit frustrated that your team isn't using AI as fast as you want them to?

[Speaker 7]
I can't believe

[Speaker 9]
There's not more hands up. Really, your team is using AI as fast as you want them to. Yeah, okay. There

[Speaker 3]
We go

[Speaker 9]
That that makes way more sense. And so I was highly frustrated with this because I saw Ai as this tool that absolutely was changing my life. And then my team was like, I forgot to click the button this morning. And it's just like, how, how are you guys living in 20?

Well, crazy 2025, but anyway, he moves so fast. So, these are the agents that we have in our company. I, we've got Dale and Milton. Yes, that's Dale, as in Dale, Carnegie, from the author of how to win friends and influence others and then Milton, as in Milton Friedman, one of the best economists in the world, and so obviously, naming them is the most important thing.

So, leave here knowing what you're gonna name your agent when you make it, and so I wanted to show you proof that this is already working. We generate 200 and 300 leads per day on behalf of our customers. And, like, I said, we cut our head count in half and.

Sending more emails and doing more things they're responding to leads. Right now, they're cleaning up ICP lists. They're producing client reports. They're building entire company Tams. For us, they're analyzing campaigns and then suggesting the next campaigns. We're really using these things every single day. And so, there's still some problems I'm going to run out of time.

So, I'm just going to skip this, but it, it still works. I think the mistake most people make when they are trying to leverage AI within their company is, they say, this is a groundbreaking technology. Anthropic is a trillion dollar company. I'll let them figure it out, but if you thought of hiring an employee with that exact same framework.

And you thought, oh, well, let's just give it some instructions. And then, they'll just figure it out. That employee is going to fail. You have to think about AI as it's it's. To take you more investment to get this thing trained up. But then, once you get it changed to the point that you want, it's never going to stop working.

It's never going to take time off. It's not going to, you know, go work for your competitor or anything. It's well, well, well worth the investment so. Uh, super quick tips, one on security. I am not a security expert. Do not ask me any questions about this and even take everything with a grain of salt.

I don't want anybody leaving here, and then you know you'll like, give away your whole company database, and you're like, well, that cold email guy, he said, that I could do this, not me. No, uh. One thing that we have done is we use a company called trigger.dev that kind of.

It's not even meant for this purpose, but it hides your API keys, and our agents run everything through trigger.dev. I've never actually given an API key to an agent. So when you're thinking about this from a security perspective, you want to hide them and make it work through something.

But that's not the purpose of this talking. You want to pick a harness? Open Claw Hermes. Whatever you want to use, I think they're interchangeable for most people in this room. I highly recommend you just start with codex first, their app that it can control your desktop. Now, it can control browsers.

We're going to talk about openclaw and Hermes, and all these cool things. Most people in this room just apply everything I'm about to say for codecs, uh, and that was the third thing. All right, so I said that there was a three-step framework. Uh, the three-step framework. I like to tell everybody about is you need to solve for context.

You need to solve for connections, and then you need to solve for creation, and I'm going to teach you three things that you can go home. Do most two out of three, you're gonna do context and connection tomorrow. You're gonna get that done immediately and then creation. We're going to talk about a loop so that you can turn this into a real employee.

And so for context. I personally think. That the models in November or December of last year were intelligent enough that it is now your job to just give it the standard operating procedures. The context on your company, they can do anything you want them to if they're not doing what you want them to do your fault.

They can definitely figure it out. Your business is not that complicated, so we need to give it the context how do I operate in my business? What is my business? What do we do? What's our operating procedures? All these things? The first thing I would recommend you do to just get this done tomorrow.

Give it access to whatever system of record you're comfortable with, giving it access to. I personally gave it access to my fathom recordings because I do everything online. So, the context of everything that I've said for the last three years is on fathom. I gave it access to slack because every conversation I've had with every customer is on there.

And for me, that was it. We don't really have a super crazy CRM system or any of these other things. Those were the systems I have to give it access to. Then, you want to just tell it. Could you make a company brain for me in a tool called obsidian?

Or, you could keep it, you could just ask it. Don't even complicate it. Literally. Just say, can you make a company brand for me in markdown files and it'll be fine? Now, some people will then say, what's your tip for keeping it organized? I have none because the models have a 1 million token context window, the equivalent of written word of one million tokens is the Bible.

If you have more context in your company than the Bible, great. But most of you really don't. And so, when it comes to the organization. Just say, hey, Claude, what are your suggestions for automating this or codex or chat with T? I personally don't think you pick your favorite one.

Your first?

First schedule task in codex. Open Claw Hermes, whatever you'd like, just tell it, hey, can you run it on a schedule that every day whatever you gave it access to your call recordings slack? Your CRM, your email, whatever it is. Every day pull the new data and update your brain.

We can all achieve that, right? Great, that's the first thing you need to solve for. The second thing you need to solve for is connection. So this was probably the most annoying thing I had to solve for my team where everybody. Well, it was like the the days before password managers, everybody was asking me, well, I need this API key, and I need this API key, and we need this oauth, and we need this, and we need that.

It just got crazy. So, what I did, is, I said, okay, we're going to just solve this in 15 minutes. How are we going to just get a list of all of the the tools that they need access to, and let's just Hammer up getting these API keys? So I just told them we're all getting on a call and in 15 minutes we're achieving this.

Open up your Chrome browser history and literally. For the last 30 days, copy and paste everything. Every website that you've gone to maybe don't do this with your employees sharing their screen because you never know. There might be some anime b******* on there. No, but then, what the the website into chatsweechee, Claude, whatever you'd like and say, deduce these and give me a list of all the tools that I use.

Now!

Now we need to integrate this truly into our workflow, so it starts becoming an employee for us. So, now it knows what our business does and what we do, and it's connected to our tools. Now we need to set up our first workflow, where the other things you should go home and achieve them tomorrow.

Super easy to be able to achieve. This is where the work sucks. Any time that a new action comes up for us, that's after we have a call and the fathom recording finishes. We have our models set up on a, uh, a schedule task that every day at 9, 35, at 1005 at 10, 35, at 1105 at 11, 30, because all of my meetings are a 30 minute increments.

It reads the transcript, and it's, and it makes an action item list. And it says, okay. Based on what I know about this company, what I've done in the past for this person, the skills that I have access to, and the things that we've done before. This is the action item that I see, and I, as the agent, if I were going to do these tasks and take action on it.

These are the steps that I would achieve, and so just tell it this. This is what I want. I want you to look at items I want you to make a plan based on our past context, etc, etc, and that's where the work is you just review these messages every day and then say, hey, you!

That's exactly what I wanted to do. Execute that plan, or you didn't get it right. Here's some extra context. This is actually how I want you to do it? Can you refine the plan and remember this for next time? Every time we're going to do this thing, right? So that, over time, just like you train an employee and I'm telling you, it's going to take three times as much effort to train them, but once you get them trained, it's locked in, and it's going to do it every time.

And so, then you just work with it over in time, and you can create this Loop and our Loop is new. Fathom recording detected, pull the transcript, read the company brain, and the relevant skills suggest what to do next. We approve, or we make tweaks, and then it automatically saves feedback for the future runs.

And that's our Improvement Loop. And now, I hope, in 15 minutes, you go build it yourself. You are a 20 codex plan away from changing your life, and I never say things like this, but you say, really, like, we are really genuinely getting these things to do, real tasks for us in the company, and I there's too many people who are saying, oh, I'm just sitting on the sidelines, I don't know.

I don't want to use AI all these things. Three steps. Just do those things. Can we agree? Step one and two. Everybody can do super easy, right? Step three is a little bit of a commitment, but I promise you, it's gonna change everything. Like other cold email agencies come to me, and they're like, how do you send so many emails with so few people?

Other people in my Revenue band have, like, 30 employees. We have seven. Like, we're in a completely different Stratosphere of employee head count for them. So, that's my presentation, uh? I hope it was useful. Do we have any questions?

Amazing!

I love the energy. Yeah, we need to build this. And now, question, why? Seven, why not lower? Said, oh, why not lower, I know. I think about that all the time. No, it's so genuinely. Okay, so I really feel. I'm gonna take this out of the recording. I really feel, so we have about 60 customers in my agency right now.

I truly believe that if we had like 40, I wouldn't. I wouldn't need any employees. Um, I it's just where we're currently at right now is just a little bit out of my grasp right now, and we're starting to get to the point where I'm only bottlenecked by just checking the AIS work.

That's that's really where I'm bottleneck, so I agree, I, I would actually. I think we're done cutting people, um, and I'd rather take on more customers, but if I had a few less customers, there's still some. Things that it's faster to do the old way than it is to, just like, hope that AI is going to do it your first time, you know, in that regard.

So, yeah, thanks, Tim. Could you replicate yourself? So, I think yes. So, now, does everyone understand the concept of a skill? Is that like a new thing? Yeah, everyone's not on their head, so I think that. By replicating yourself, it's all about. Just like breaking down your process and your skills and then turning into a skill.

And again, the biggest thing is, I just think you need to just start recording your life. Like, I now, even when I'm talking to people in person. I think this is illegal, I think, but I'll start just turning a voice memo on. I just feel like, oh, this is kind of good.

Let me just record this for a little bit because I'm like actually talking through something that needs to get done. And so, um, it's just the models are so good. I mean, open AI is going to release something tomorrow, too. I think they're gonna release the spark model, so it's not gonna be a frontier change, uh, but the models are so good.

It's just missing your context and your like. Connect to this, and then this is the next step, and then this is the next step, and this next step. I think that's all the models are missing right now.

So, you were saying you're running your meetings in 30 minute instruments, and that's basically the trigger for the content to be pushed into the brain, right? Yeah. And. How you make sure it's the data and the information is structured in a way that you can actually build agents and flows on top of it, and there's no, I don't know plot of that.

I don't do any of that. The quad does all that, even even my computer. Like, if I were to show you, oh yeah, this is my computer. It's this is not organized at all. Like, and people ask me that all the time about, oh, how do you organize this and make sure that the prompt is right, that it gets all the action items?

It's right all the time, like. These models are so much smarter than you think, and the context window is so big. It's I, I don't do any organization. Okay, crazy. So, zero ingestion rules, nothing just now. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I mean, obviously, check it. And we just say, like, the super important thing I have to give them and it missed it, you know, remind him of that.

But I mean meeting transcripts and action items. Got it now, like that's, that's an easy task for for 5.5 at this point. Okay, cool. So, I'm using open claw and Hermes. I'm leaning more towards Hermes just I, I feel like, you know, what I'm talking about here. If you don't know on Hermes, they're kind of competing products.

I just like that Hermes just immediately as soon as you say. Hey, that's right, you did it, right? Just write to skill immediately, and I just like that, and it never disconnects the other tip I would have for people who want to use oh, people are Hermes. Try to do it on something that you have access to that computer because the first thing I do is I install codecs onto the computer and then codex was way easier to get started, and then I'm like set up Hermes.

I want nothing to do with this, and then does the computer use and connects it to slack, and I didn't want to do that, um. Wiped like three gaming computers, and I'm that's like, where we're running it from. So, yeah, the next one is giving me a name, Judith love Cohen.

Does anyone know who that is? A NASA astronaut that solved something for the Apollo Mission while she was going for a pregnant she was pregnant. She finished the math equation on the way to the hospital and then gave birth to Jack Black. And I just love that story.

Huh? Yes, so he was just asking, do you ever have a skill that you say? Hey, this is the way that it should work right now. And then, two weeks later, you're like, nah, we're gonna change it. We're gonna do something else, of course. What AI is freaking awesome.

Who cares? Did you just change the scale? So a good example is one of our inbox providers. Oh, so sorry, you're in front of my camera. Can you just move over? One of my everything's for YouTube. I don't not even hear from you guys this morning, so um. Context.

Yeah, yeah, for context. Yeah, so the question was, yeah, do I ever change my mind, uh, one of our inbox providers they used to set up 50 inboxes on one domain, and then we sent two emails from each of them, and it was a nightmare, keeping all that skill together.

And then I literally just went in when they changed, and I just went in and said, okay, now they're setting up 10 and it's 15 and it changed. It's fine, you leave the skill file on the channel. I've never read a skill file, I will sometimes say. Create an HTML mock-up website and explain to me like I'm five years old with visuals and animations and colors, you know, what's going on here?

That's how I'll review the skill files. Yeah. I'm trying to see if you can imagine that. Well, I mean. In that regard, I'll I'll. Yeah, I'll ask it to confirm it with the HTML file and stuff. But yeah, but you know, like, actually, no, I don't think I've ever read a skill file.

Yeah. I guess following that? Um, it'd be great to hear specifically something that the agents are doing, and if I can prompt you with one, I can imagine your customers coming to you and then saying we want to change the messaging. Maybe that we're using with some of the campaigns?

I guess they email you about that. It's monitoring that, and I'm presuming you have a really opinionated take on how the email copy should be written. So, how do you verify that that's going to be correct, uh, specifically? How do you change there's like meta, there's a meta skill that controls this, and there's skills under there.

Okay, so real quick. If you don't know, my style of cold email copywriting, uh, they we've. We were talking before my style of cold email copywriting is I want to send the same message I would send if I were to manually research somebody's company and them personally for 10 minutes is the same message I want to send on on cold email, so I have a lot of opinions on how that specifically gets done, and so we have first.

We have a meta skill that kind of just controls the copywriting. All in all, I personally think one of the best. As far as training is Josh Braun, so I literally have like a skill that, like, I can't give away because I just like. Stole his course, and I just put it into a skill, but um, so there's like a meta skill where it's like, okay, go through the Josh Bond framework first.

Then, what custom variables did the customer approve on the onboarding call and and all these other things of, like if we were to research this company. What are the custom variables we could put in? And then there's, there's. Adversarial, which I think everybody I think everybody should do this.

Actually, this is another tip. Whenever you make a skill, try to make an adversarial skill where it's like, purposely, a skill that's like. Pretend that this is the worst idea in the world and find every problem you've ever found with it and suggest feedback. Because AI will get a bit sick of Fantasy and just be like, oh, you're the best guy ever.

Like, how? How are you not a trillionaire, I'm like, I know. So, yeah, there's like multiple multiple skills for that to happen.

Oh I, I've never sent copywriting straight from an agent to a customer, though there are still what I call meet Gates, which is a human has to still be checking some things for sure right now. I every for sure. Copywriting. One thing that, like, we have

[Speaker 8]
Nailed, though, is like if a customer were to cut. Hey, one of my friends, my new friend, where's my new friend, my new friend, he we were talking? Yeah, and he was, like, I wish I could have a list of every financial advisor in in the United States, and I was like, do you?

I have an agent for you and I just. I got the Google sheet. It's on my computer. I'll give it to you after. Yeah, so like list building, that's nailed I, I sent those over, because that's just. Filters and just rechecking the filters to make sure no garbage went in, right?

That's fine, but copywriting, definitely not. No. So, I have a recommendation. Oh yeah, sorry. Lot of questions which I love will be very rapid. Fire

[Speaker 1]
Questions

[Speaker 6]
Alrighty, I have an recommendation for everybody. Nine o'clock nine o'clock nanoployed super secure claw that, for me, provide like everything that they need, I can trust it. They can give me access, right? It's amazing, and

[Speaker 7]
It's either you own or the cloud server, my computer, oh great. Okay, yeah, yeah,

[Speaker 6]
And a super fast question for you. Um, do you have agents actually reply back to prospect emails?

[Speaker 3]
Uh, on internally, we're test test.

[Speaker 7]
There's actually so many problems with trying to handle that we can talk after so many problems with trying to handle internally. We do because ours is, like, hey, do you want us to launch a free campaign for you? Yes, okay, let's book a meeting like ours is super easy, but others people just really kind of good.

Thank you rapid, rapid, rapid. 400 a month okay on the agents 400 a month, a cloud code Max plan, and a codex Max plan my AI cost. Because we're like using AI to write all the emails for cold email, I spent 15K a month. I don't know if you're impressed or sad for me, but yeah, that's that's explain.

[Speaker 8]
Per day across all 60 of our customers. Yeah.

[Speaker 9]
So, no, the guy, so somebody. So, the Enterprise customer on auto research 100, 000 emails a day. They get like 70 leads each day, that's their ratio. I got another person sending 100, 000 emails. Yesterday, we got 145 leads for them. Uh, so it depends. Everybody is so different.

I don't know. I show it. That's one question. I don't like that question as just like a basis because

[Speaker 3]
You're defining these things. And then, like, you have an opinion on it, and you have an opinion and you have an opinion. I don't like that question. I'm just gonna boot it. Yeah.

[Speaker 7]
Custom ETL too complicated for me. Nope, I don't. No, I, I don't. AI does it all. I don't do it. Hold on. You've got too many questions. Any last one, last one, last one? Would

[Speaker 9]
You trust one of your agents to run a sales call? What? No, okay. I've I've never even tried to train an agent for a sales call actually.

[Speaker 7]
I don't think that's far away. I do think websites will start turning into chat Bots pretty soon. It's just like you go to somebody's website, and it's just like, well, what do you want to know? Yeah, then, like, that's the point on the website, right? But, uh, I've never trained an AI sales, but I'm gonna leave.

She's gonna kick me out. I love you all. I'll be here.

All right, you're awesome! Thank you so much!

[Speaker 1]
Three more awesome, quick master classes! Nikita, where are you?

[Speaker 3]
Hello, amazing. Optimizely,

[Speaker 1]
Um, one of the inside Partners portfolio companies. We're gonna hear two of them today. And here's our first step, so thank you. Welcome. Thank you all. Take it away. Thank you for having me.

[Speaker 4]
Yes, that looks like it.

[Speaker 1]
We've got an agent strike.

[Speaker 3]
All right.

[Speaker 7]
Okay. Hi, everyone.

[Speaker 1]
Thank you for having me, I think, as Jennifer gave the introduction I work at optimizely, specifically working on opal, which is our AI agent harness that we purpose built for marketers optimizing. We do roughly around like 400 million in ARR. We've been around for a little over two decades, so.

Um, we've had like Enterprise software that we've built and focused on marketers for the longest time, but obviously with the whole llm Revolution. We switched the same as all of our Enterprise software and SAS companies. You can see I've been doing and I'll just talk to you a little bit about opal, which is the product that I worked on.

So you can take screen. I'm gonna, uh, show this slide at the end of the presentation as well, but these are nine lessons that we've learned over the past two years. I would say. And a truly Enterprise. This ready AI harness? Just a little bit of overview on marketing.

I think it's, it's nice to hear they're like GTM sales marketing. What are the differences? What are the similarities so specifically for marketing? I think what we've seen, is that the core problem we've always tried to solve? Is this coordination across chaos? And it's also very high stakes. So, as you know, we see, like folks, starting to use clouds started in engineering, right.

The stakes are quite low when you ship a PR because you can ship it behind a feature. You can do easy rollbacks. You have reviews. It's usually just like, you know, one or two folks reviewing and things get shipped. But in marketing, that Paradigm is very different, because everything that you ship to your customer or to a prospect is representative of your brand, and you want to make sure that it's very targeted.

It goes through potentially a lot of cycles of review. There's legal, there's compliance, the product you might need to make sure. Are we actually shipping this feature, so high stakes reviews and multi-system coordination? Like every customer that we work with with? Probably has at least I don't know, like 15 different systems that they want to pull information into to actually get the job done effectively, and so that's sort of the systems that we've been dealing with and then add.

On top of that, the fact that the way that we do marketing is changing right. We have the concepts of SEO aeogeo now optimizing for AI overviews and showing up in other llms and models. So this is really like. I think a lot of the things that marketers are dealing with and what we are trying to solve for.

So, this is just a high level of our opal platform architecture. At the bottom, you see, these are like the core. Systems that we have built again. As I said over the past few decades, like really working on the marketers, but the top part is all I would say over the past two years, something that I've worked on and that we've built out.

And I would say these are actually like very fundamental reusable systems across any agent harness that you build or are working with. And we're just gonna dive through each of those. So, starting off with the interface chat is great, right? Like, the benefit of llms is that you can chat with them in natural language and also get natural language responses back.

But what we have seen is that this is starting to evolve as well. Like, it's great when you can get taxation, but a lot of times, you don't want to just be looking at Blobs of text. There's a reason why no consultants and everybody has like worked on, like having nicely formatted reports and dashboards and presentations.

So, we do see that, like, this is starting to evolve as well. You'll probably see it in the applications that you use as well. So, we've introduced like artifacts. How do you actually show output in? And easy for your users to understand, and then also action cards. So this is kind of you can think of them as like widgets that you would like actually display information again, like a dashboard or a port, and also use them to actually give the llab, better insights and structured questions.

So, a lot of our users, like, if you're asking to just query information from Salesforce or from Google analytics. The llm might not get it right immediately, or you might think, oh, this is a bad response, but it's actually because you didn't give enough good input or guidance to the llm on like what you wanted it to do specifically or how you wanted it to query your systems, and so we also use like the interface to have the user give, like, better guidance and input into the Alum so that you can get better output.

Then, starting with like the layer stock, so context obviously like context is King on Texas Queen. It's very easy to set up, I think as we've sort of heard, and I also just wanted to add at least again building a like an Enterprise harness level and like thinking about multiplayer AI systems, we think about context set three layers.

So there's the organizational layer, the user level, and then, ultimately, the agent level as well. So, at the organization level, I would say, like, the key lesson we learned, um, that has been a really big unlock for our customers. It's the first thing like when we work with a big, you sign a big Enterprise contract.

Our onboarding team goes into the customer's system, and we ask them hey, give us your. Like, most shared organizational context could be things like your brand guidelines, your tone of voice, your writing style. Go and set that up and immediately. The system is super valuable for everybody else in your all the employees that are going to be using your system, so that has been very critical and table Stakes to like, how do you actually scale Ai and have the system just work immediately out of the box, like much better from day one versus obviously, like at the individual user level.

It's great everybody can go and set up their knowledge base and a great system. But this is what we think about when it comes to like scaling. Then next, we talked about connectors. Connectors are super important, so obviously in marketing, you know, we prioritize connecting with our optimizely Suites.

We have, like, first party native Integrations to those. Um, I'm sure a lot of you are familiar with, like remote mcps, and that's been a great way to like, connect. I'm out in across the stack. I think the big learning that I've seen over the past few years is like quality over quantity, so it's actually Nemo was telling me what I showed him the slider.

He's, like, oh, everybody has a HubSpot connector. It is true, like everybody can do. Like, the remote mCP connections out to, like Salesforce, HubSpot, Google analytics, but again, like, now stepping into Enterprise context. What we found, even for our own marketing team, we connected to Salesforce tools, and like remote SPS and apis you connected to those.

Went in, asked a few questions, like, give me data about, like our top 20 accounts, like building customers from like the past month. And it didn't do a good job. It didn't actually know, like, what to pull from our system, then what we did is we worked on it and we said, okay, why didn't it pull the way you needed it to?

We actually wrote a skill because we had to guide the llm like for our company when we say we want information about our like golden accounts, or we want information about X, Y, and Z Fields. This is what we mean, and so having that additional like translation layer on top of just the raw tool call.

Essentially, you're just giving a little bit more guidance to the llm. I'm like, how to pull this information in the context of my unique organization, and this is what's unique about how we've set up our tools and our systems, so that has been super fundamental and same thing, like going from quality to over quantity.

Like every customer that we work with also at this point. Sometimes we do package a lot of our connections with out of the box skills and agents, even to make sure that they're working effectively for. Then, uh, there's like agents and skills actually put them together, because I think a lot of times people are still like, confused, like, what is the difference between age and what's what's the skill?

And I would say also here there is like an Art and Science to building in AI systems. You can actually use one or the other, and they're just going to be pros and cons to each, so agents actually have their own autonomous reasoning Loop. And that is why. Like, if you want something, then none of them to take an action.

That's, it's just triggering autonomously. It's working in the background. It has a very clear, like, execution log. It can actually like take different directions and like, do that reasoning to correct itself, then agents are going to be the best for the job skills. On the other hand, are more like, okay.

This is just like a static list of instructions. This is, like, again the Sales. First example, when I asked you to go to Salesforce. This is how you should like pull the information this a little bit about our taxonomy and how our company works. Then skills are great for those, and so I like to use analogy.

Like, agents, you can treat them as like an actual employee that you're able to like hand off tasks to it can do all the reasoning on its own. It can cross course correct.

Kind of how we set up our framework and skills are more like the standard operating procedures to how you get things done. Agents, you can package of. You can call you can attach tools and skills and all of them and keep your system nice and composable. And that's kind of the recommendation that we give.

Connect to to the Gap. And.

[Speaker 4]
I'm, I'm trying to what I'm trying to say is that when you're doing it this way? Kind of.

You're not utilizing the whole brain and you're not utilizing your whole organization. And there's actually a smarter way to do this. And before I go to the next. Before I go to the next slide, I want to ask, how many of you have developed skills for yourselves? Great how many agents?

Would you want to give your agents to your colleagues to use? It's not. It's not a clear. Yes, okay, it's not a clear. Yes, not all the time, but many times we want our. Would you want your teammate to contribute to your agent to, uh, if they find an error with it if they find an error with the with the output.

You want them to actually be able to to change it, right? So? This is the this is where we are. This is where things are headed in my opinion. This is why I brought Nikita from optimizely because they're developing a system that, in my opinion, is like the Next Generation of AI systems.

It's not your Cloud code or your codecs that you're using alone on your computer with your own skills that you developed. But it's something bigger than that. And the question is?

I mean,

[Speaker 3]
We all we've all seen. This slide a million

[Speaker 4]
Times, right? It's a you want to have a go to market OS with a shared context and shared skills, and, uh, and share the resources and agents on this platform. And, yeah, and all of these things, and you want everyone to use it, but? The question is, where does this go to marketplace actually live?

Is it a? Is it in many of you use clay, right? But clay is a system that everyone uses, and it's basically I'm a clay expert. I'm represented in New York City in the clay World Cup, so I feel free to say this. It's basically an Excel spreadsheet that everyone can use,

[Speaker 3]
But not everybody wants an Excel spreadsheet. Bdrs can't use it if they make a mistake everybody else suffers, so it's not a really good idea.

[Speaker 4]
So, that's not the go to market operating system. Cloth code. Have you tried? How many of you use Cloud code? Okay, a lot of you. Do you share? Your clothes setups with your friends with your colleagues. You don't. Why?

They're gonna mess it up. Okay, they're not technical. What? What else? It's personal. Okay. I personally think that it's not only these reasons. It's also complicated, because what are you gonna do? It's on your computer. It's a. Maybe you save things to git if you're smart, okay, or to some other system that actually saves your setup.

Because if your computer gets recorded? You don't want it all to disappear, right? So you're developing all of these things they live on your PC. If you're away, then you think can't access them. So? There is, in my opinion, there is a new generation coming, and this generation is going to have the same things that Claude code is doing on your computer.

But it's going to do this in the cloud. For your whole team to use. And this is the importance of what Nikita is developing for marketing. And this is why she bothered to to to to tell you all the difference between skills and agents and the word that I almost asked all of the speakers not to say, but everybody ended up saying it is harnesses.

So can. Can you guys describe what the harness means to your 15 year old kid? So basically. Nikita system opal is a harness. Is a way for you to use AI with tools. With shared resources. Okay, basically this. However, you want to describe the GTMOS that's a harness. So, Nikita's tool is one example.

Cloth code is another example, but it lives on your PC. And. I'm going to demonstrate today. A harness or a go-to-market system that has agents, and that has skills. And it has all of these things, but it lives in the cloud so that you can actually use it with your teammates.

You can use it with your marketing teammates to upload, uh to, to upload. Battle cards to it. You can use it with your teammates who develop really good answers to questions to q a and then connect it to your, uh, to your outbound system who asked here about the agents that answer questions that answer responses to call email.

Okay. I'm actually going to show it today. Okay, so I'm using a I'm using Swan. I'm not a I'm a real fan, so I'm I'm I, I wouldn't show you something that I don't use myself, and I would endure something they were kind enough to sponsor this event. So, if you do want 20 offer?

For what I'm about to show you, you can scan this QR code. I'm gonna give you a second. Oh, it's going to. Oh yeah, yeah, right, uh, Jennifer made all of these, um, all of the designs around the room. So, if you can't catch this one, you can catch it elsewhere, so.

What I'm going to show?

Is this? I'm gonna start by explaining. The first thing that you can that you can see about S1 is that it's basically a sequencer that's one of the views. Okay. It has it. It basically follows the same path that I showed here.

With shared context, shared skills, and shared resources.

[Speaker 5]
Okay, now the first thing I'm going to show you is the shared resources.

[Speaker 4]
With a shared resource.

[Speaker 7]
The centers,

[Speaker 5]
The three Founders of the of of this company of copper helm. The company that that this one instance belongs to. This is a shared resource. Okay, the shared resource can also be, um, mailboxes that you send called email out of. It can be your CRM, which is, uh, which leaves basically inside of the inside of the tools here.

Okay, so there's the CRM slack. All of these things are connected as a shared resource. Okay.

[Speaker 4]
Now, let's see the shared. Let's see what the shared skills look like, oh, sorry.

[Speaker 7]
Let's see what the shirt skill looks like, so there's lots of skills. The one skill that I that I can show you, for example, is. Replay classification. I, Eric, where's Eric? So,

[Speaker 5]
Eric said. He never read skill files. Okay, I never do either. I didn't create this. Okay, the way that I did it is. I just prompted. I just prompted a.

Classify responses, you know? If a person says this and I can even ask it, now you know, um.

The most. Um, common.

Response. Classifications.

And it's going to use it. And if I want to add one more, I will just tell it to do this now. The nice thing about it is when I do it everybody else. All of the other centers get the same thing. So I can actually manage the the system from one place with all of my with all of my users.

Okay now!

I can ask it. What? For example, who's the last person to respond to our Outreach sequences? And I can tell it. Classify.

Amandeep's response.

And he's going to use the skill. So the nice thing here is that? I can do it, and all of my leadership can do it. So, we are all seeing the same thing. We are all seeing the same skill if I want to disqualify someone based on what they're doing.

There's also an enrichment system here so I can enrichlet. Um, it has. A lot of different playbooks that I'm not going to to work through, but you can actually choose a Playbook and now break. Your entire team is on it, and it grabs your. It grabs things from your HubSpot, and it creates a great sequences based on that.

So, this is like taking it. This is basically taking all of the things that cloud code would do on your computer, but putting it in the cloud and for your whole team. And this is what's so important about the concept of harnesses? This is one example you can see, you know?

Once you hear a word you can't unhear it. So you're gonna start hearing this word again and again. Many times. Any questions about this before I move to the single player external go

[Speaker 3]
To market multiplayer?

[Speaker 5]
Okay. So, the other concept that I want to talk about?

One second. Is the external multiplayer? How many of you have motions that go to market motions that don't involve only your company? Okay, I see here. You want to tell us what it is?

[Speaker 4]
Uh, you know, we have a commercial government office, so you have

[Speaker 5]
A partnership motion. It's not just your company, you collaborate with other partners. Anyone else does it influencer marketing Partnerships?

[Speaker 4]
The idea behind this is that

[Speaker 5]
When you're doing things? With external players. It's not just you, you know, marketing or creating marketing materials and Publishing them and paying for ads or posting a social content?

[Speaker 4]
All of these things are going to become.

[Speaker 5]
They are going to become very, very difficult to do. Okay, Outreach is flooded. The eggs are eggs are flooded, people are becoming blind. And the content is is flared because this content everywhere. Now, what is the what? What's gonna differentiate you in the future and what's going to enable you to cut through all the noise?

Of paydays of AI. Outreach of all of these things. Is, in my opinion, it's going to be collaborations. If you're able to leverage your collaborations with your partners in a much better way. You win! If you're going to, it's not going to be just creating better content or writing better emails or doing better Outreach.

It's not going to cut it anymore.

How do you actually do this? I propose that co-creation. Looking into the future fine enough into the future. Co-creation is gonna replace cold outrage. It's going to end the sangram, talked about having a point of view. That's my point of view. Is that co-creation collaboration Network building is gonna replace cold Outreach?

It's gonna replace most of the content. Eh, and what's going to end up happening? Is that your relationship as Founders as people as go to market AES billiards? Everything, the founders. It's all going to compound over time if you're able to have better relationships. Your your position in the market will improve.

I, I'm thinking about, not just changing, you know, not just working on copywriting and targeting and with signals. I'm looking at things from a completely different, uh point of view.

Instead of who is the good fit for me? Who has influence over the people that I want to sell to? And what does this mean? It means that I don't qualify. Eh that I don't call it all for having the right title. I don't qualify for working at the right company.

I qualify them by influence. And how does this work? I'm gonna show you. And this is literally something that that I built this this morning. Here you can see. The quantification. Of influence. This is a a result of a research that I did with AI, of course, but it's based on a very deep Network research.

[Speaker 4]
And you can see.

[Speaker 5]
A all of the prospects that I want to reach out to, but your in your in your world. It can be all of the people working for partner organizations, or it can be different influencer or micro influencers. And you can see in here, how many total posts they they wrote?

What? What is their average reactions per post? What do they post about? Now, this is phase one. Phase two is looking at who is commenting on their posts, who they are connected to.

[Speaker 4]
Okay, and

[Speaker 5]
Here we can create a report like this. Once again. And you can see. Not only the number of engagers, but how many engagers are actually high priority engagers of the people that I'm interested in collaborating with?

Okay. Now, going back to going back to this slide. The way to do this will be. We, we have a very deep network analysis planning engine. Okay.

Okay. And once we know that. We build a system of action. That suggests Network networking opportunities like co-creation, like working together like a like doing testimonials like doing webinars, Etc. And once I do this, I feed it back here. So everyone that I do collaborate with. I do the next Network research about who they are connected to.

[Speaker 4]
And just to give you a few examples of how this is managed. So again, you can do this with with Excel.

[Speaker 5]
I also built a sort of a management system for myself. Who are the thought leaders that I'm trying? This was on behalf of a company called Nokai. And we actually determined. Who are the people that we want to collaborate with?

[Speaker 4]
And the system suggests next actions with each one of them. What do we want to do? What email should we write to them? What's the next collaboration opportunity? And we're creating a series of posts of collaborative posts and webinars just based on the just based on this concept of starting from the.

And doing the networking. So, that's basically, that's all I wanted to. Uh, that's

[Speaker 10]
All

[Speaker 4]
I wanted to show. I believe that multiplayer again will be super important, both internally and externally. And if you want to ask any questions or want any tips about that, uh, let me know.

[Speaker 2]
Thank

[Speaker 6]
You for sharing. I do have a question. I heard you mention, like, uh, you share the code with your colleague and your friends and stuff. Actually, our company were recently building and launching our app, which is a customer facing app, and we have our beta version. It were in a face of, you know, keep testing those features and see, like, how

[Speaker 2]
Those can work smooth, stuff smooth and seamlessly for our users. However, we do encounter some problems like. Uh, some features, for example, like payment or like verification for the ID part are not very stable. So, the team kind of like back and forth some, you know, testing, and iterate the code.

So, I do wonder how, like, AI, product, or C, uh, the framework you introduce, could, you know, help us

[Speaker 6]
In maybe, like situation, like this, like sharing the code, or like leveraging some Amo to, you know, make those better. So, uh, I was speaking. I was.

[Speaker 5]
So, I actually meant the I actually meant two things. First of all, about sharing about doing things multiplayer, the first thing that I recommend doing is like, if your breathing is to share it with your internally. Okay, these tools, what I showed today, I, we don't actually share them externally.

I think that you need more of a customer facing tool. I actually am not an expert on that. So, if anyone else wants to come up and answer this question? Actually, this tool that I showed. For your?

Answered, I think it's the same.

[Speaker 8]
And with the I'm looking at your prospects that you're targeting and then looking at who connects with their posts is the outcome you're trying to shoot for is to find like the top five people that they're connected with. That'll that. You can find much more easier to interact with that, such that you can get an introduction

[Speaker 4]
Exactly. That's why you need. That's why you need the two degrees. Every time you do this, you need two degrees out to think right because you don't just want to look at who is the influencer. 5 million followers. You want to know who is actually viewing their posts and commenting on their posts and collaborating with them, and sometimes the collaboration is not going to be on LinkedIn.

Sometimes the collaboration is going to be someone who is, you know, organizing an event or someone who's done other collaborations or written articles with someone else. The question is, who do these people know, and sometimes the quality, uh, we said today quality over quantity. That's what you want Generation two degrees.

It's like your ICP's. Pretty much yes.

Okay. Thank you.

[Speaker 1]
I was waiting. Say, what's he gonna present? He's, like, it's something new, something new. Um, so, thanks. Our last speaker is Kenny Kenny excited, um? From coverforce. Also, an Insight Partners portfolio company, so I've

[Speaker 10]
Come to Market engineer excited.

[Speaker 2]
Hello,

[Speaker 3]
Everybody! Thanks for having me, um?

[Speaker 8]
I am the head of marketing here at coverforce. One thing about me is. I'm pretty lazy, so I try to automate as much repeated work as possible, and that's kind of why I wanted to bring to any marketing team that I join, so that's sort of like our philosophy cover for some marketing team as well as our go to marketing version.

So, I built a lot of different automations workbook hostases across, um, cover force. And one day I was working with some of her 80s on their accounts and for contacts. Hubbard Forest focuses on. Billion dollar insurance broker as a pool Sailors in the US. So very limited number of companies that we can't Target, and if we are to Target on one of these companies.

There might be 100 000 people, and just like banking insurance has maybe 10, 000, like BP titles. So when aus are doing the research, it's a very like hit or miss of how they can identify those projects. So, I was tired of helping them towards the thought process. It's a very LinkedIn research manual process that people have been doing for years and years, and I wanted to.

[Speaker 3]
Excuse me, and I wanted to figure out what is the optimal way. What is the exact process that they are doing, and how do we replicate that across the organization? So, I want to give you example, um, with ale. So, there are 60 000 people, one of the largest brokers in the country.

And we wanted to Target if we were to look through Zigmanville, which is what a lot of bit of our gay companies would do or they use play or they use the pollens, identify with the filters and seniority levels, and different, um. Different Visions. I would get around 15 000 people to connect, and obviously, if I hand it off to the bdrt or the AE team, that's going to be useless.

Their conversion rate on that is going to be abysmal. And if we're as a Target, just the vp1 wasn't above. That's around 3, 000 people. And especially in these, like large Enterprise organizations. There's a lot of subsidiary

[Speaker 8]
Companies, so contacts between each of these different companies that they've acquired also requires you to identify who those team members are, who meets those teams, and how do you target each team to reach that eventual parent company?

[Speaker 3]
So the way we got along to build this out was through a system of whatever we're talking about before is what and what is the context of how you can provide this information? So, essentially, Oliver gong call transcripts are added into

[Speaker 8]
Our database. All of our HubSpot emails. Any other pipeline data? Any of our notion data information on our IP definitions? What job titles are working for us all that is incorporated into? A marketing database like loadout in super base.

[Speaker 3]
And we also do a lot of like company scraping, so there's a lot of web scraping of what are like Financial information that we can find about this company. What

[Speaker 8]
Are projects? I think working on what Partnerships have they launched. And

[Speaker 3]
Finally, we also do a lot of LinkedIn scraping. Um, this is

[Speaker 8]
Like job signals or be able to identify how long they've worked on the company. So, or you're even if they're a brand new company. And with this information, we have a couple different agents I've broken down into four separate ones focused on research context selection copywriting. And routing those leads to the right support.

And where it lands is a couple different locations,

[Speaker 3]
Which is in swing, which is part email orchestrator. We have Hayriage Resort, which is our LinkedIn automation. And we have slack, which allows the AES to sort of monitor their process to make sure nothing clunky goes along. And we also need a guilty and direct mail automation as well from a marketing.

And kind of go into a little bit more for each of these ages. But

[Speaker 8]
Essentially, the research agent is job is to figure out where their teams who

[Speaker 2]
Leaves those

[Speaker 3]
Teams who works for those people and who are the competitors, um, for this? And essentially the end result of the equation is to create a company from work as well as a contact report that gets stored in our database.

[Speaker 8]
Then,

[Speaker 3]
With those data points, we will use a contact selection agent. This will identify out of all of those people that we've looked up. Who are the right people to ask? Then we have our sequence agent. So now that we have identified the correct contacts, what is the best messaging that we can do for each channel that we're having, so we have our email giving LinkedIn in this case.

And last routing, instead of me having to upload these lists to these, um. To these orchestrators. How do we automate that entire process? So, once the A's approve a message, everything is set, and they don't have to click anything else. So, with the research agent, there's a lot that goes on.

I'm going to kind of highlight, like, my favorite signals that we use in copywriting that has a high results for us, so Financial statements is a great one. So, every CEO is going to be talking about what projects they're working on and the way we go along. That is, we will essentially scrape everything about information that appears online in Google, and we also figure out.

Are especially effective for us as well, and one thing we've been experimenting with is just advancing conferences. How do we figure out where they're sponsoring. How do we figure out where they're speaking at, and how do we make sure that our team is there when they are showing up?

And for internal knowledge gone cause on the ocean. That's always a must. We just track everything in there so we can reference that intercopyright as well. And that's on the more comfy level. We also build, like, what I call like an online stalker? So, because we've identified a couple contacts from these companies that we want to be connecting with, we are looking the best, um.

Trigger point for us is, do we know anybody that's inactive? So we will go through scraper followers. We will go through in stock, like who they're interacting with, where they're coming at common C, nut, and track the information so we can try to build a relationship through that initial conductor, and that's worked out with very high pervertebrates to meetings for for our team.

Um, the rest is, I'm gonna have to skip this. But that is on the research agents. So, once these agents are done running, there's going to be a company report and then contact report for each one. Now is the contact solution is selection Asia. So with aeon, we have around 60 000 contacts.

Initially, we never go down to 12 of our top contacts and this is done just through a click of a button. I don't want to do anything more after we test those sets, so how it works for us is that we're in insurance. There are specific lines of business that we're focusing on, but on LinkedIn, they're not going to say, like VP of workers comp, they might just say VP.

So, how do we identify and filter that out? It's through scraping each of the LinkedIn work work history to identify keywords that might indicate that they're actually working in a Cisco activists. Italian, and then we have an ICP scoring, so this is going through all of our previous Hub Swap meetings that we created.

Identifying which job titles have been performing the best, and that sort of builds out a Roth like ISB scoring for us. Then we have a signal trigger how they visit our website recently. Have they gone out and been to the event that we've been talking at all of those details, kind of like padded up.

And finally, we have the top contact, so we want the AES to directly connect with as soon as possible. Next wrote the sequence. Oh, yep. This is older clock code on pocket, and we're just connecting a bunch of different systems together, and it works magically. I also don't ever look at the skills.

I don't know what it's doing, but I just imagine it works. Yeah, so it's basically I cannot go into the technology later, but we are working. We're projecting a lot of different. And you guys hammer and it all orchestrates from this joyful Gabriel. We hover sequence in AJ. In this case, we have a we're testing a couple.

This is one example of our tank touch Cadence. I just call our AVM Cadence. It takes 22 days, but it's a mixture between email, LinkedIn, and gifting. Once. This used to take me, maybe, like? Four or five hours, and it'd be set up completely doing the finding the list.

Finding the sequences to put in sending out the giving, like invites. But now, it takes me 10, 50 minutes of prompting, for, for each company. And it's a good skill. And with the messaging. This is now using all of the con contact reports that we previously built out, so it's using the buyer type.

It's using the ICP segment. It's also pulling in the messaging charges that we filled out as a sales and marketing organization or a notion, so it's trying to figure out what is the best pathway in selling point that this specific ICP and buyer type, um, correlates to. And we always send it off a signal.

So, whether it's um? Whether it's an investor that we know that's connecting us, or whether it's an event that they've been speaking on, we always have that before setting something out. And with these kind of sequences, what happens is that we are getting a lot of replies. A lot of a lot of opens, and also sometimes they just never give us any information, and they never open anything.

So, all of those are signals on how to improve our messaging. Every time somebody opens a new subject line, every time somebody replies back to one of your emails. I'm identifying that this is a good and we will go back and re-implement these kind of like messaging points back into the copywriting agents, so it will learn from what is performing.

Well, right now, I don't have a completely automated, so it's more of a manual process like a weekly process of getting the data games because the operating engine, but sort of the future loads and what's also needed is, uh, you need your AE. So, to sort of monitor, like how your replies are doing how your sequences are doing so.

The A's actually update, but through slack, so adding or change how this how the sequences are the orchestration.

The Playbook is a skill, no, not necessarily. It's a, it's just a it's an MD file for for the orchestrator, so it has all the API connections to like I supposed to use favorites instantly, so it identifies like, who is the a owner of this company routed through, like his campaigns, and it will sort of?

Build out like a five-step sequence automatically, and it'll be enough religion. Um, yes, what are the eighties change with that? So they right now, it's rather simple. They can approve the sequence that goes out, and we just used by company because I don't like every single email that we're sending out, or they can pause it, which puts it on.